Privacy Policy Overview
Welcome to the LetsBeBuds.com privacy policy. This policy explains how we use and protect your personal information. Please read this privacy policy carefully. By accessing and using our website, you acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree to be bound to all of the terms of this privacy policy and our website terms of use. If you don't agree to these terms, exit our site immediately and do not use our service. We reserve the right to modify the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time without reason or notice.
Information We Collect during a Sales Transaction
The primary function of LetsBeBuds.com is to facilitate the online sale of vouchers to various restaurants and businesses. In order to purchase a product from the LetsBeBuds.com store, you will be required to give us personally identifiable information that can include your full name, address, city, state, zip, phone number and email address. You also could be required to enter in a valid credit or debit card number to pay for your purchase.
Information We Store
It is necessary for us to collect credit card and personal information in order to authorize the release of funds from your credit card provider. While we must collect this information to successfully process a credit card transaction, not all of this information is stored on our servers after the completion of your order. LetsBeBuds.com stores your email address, an encrypted password that allows you to access your account within the LetsBeBuds.com system, your first and last name, your city, and your state. LetsBeBuds.com does not store your street address, your phone number, or your credit card number, expiration date, or pin. Credit card and street address information is given to us each time you make a purchase in the LetsBeBuds.com system. They are passed to the credit card company through a secure encrypted gateway for authorization, and are not subsequently saved on the LetsBeBuds.com servers.
Collection Non-Personally Identifiable Information
LetsBeBuds.com may record some or all of the information that is sent to our servers from your browser. This information may include your IP address, browser type, pages visited on our site, search terms, and the domain that you are visiting from. This information is used by us to analyze site traffic, monitor usage of the LetsBeBuds.com website, and troubleshoot our system.
How We Use Your Information
Our primary purpose in collecting and using your personal information is to provide you with a safe and effective way to purchase vouchers in an online environment. Additionally, we may use your information to market to you and provide you with information about our products and services. If you ever receive information or communication from LetsBeBuds.com that is unwanted, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of our communications.
Sharing your Personal Information
The most common usage of the LetsBeBuds.com system is to purchase a voucher to a third party business. LetsBeBuds.com acts as a facilitator between you and a third party, enabling you to purchase a voucher to that third party business. LetsBeBuds.com reserves the right to share your full name, email address, city and state with third party businesses or organizations for which you have purchased a voucher. For example, if you use the LetsBeBuds.com Service to purchase a $50 voucher to Jack's Steakhouse, we reserve the right to pass along your name, email, city and state to Jack's Steakhouse. Once information is passed to a third party business for which you have made a purchase, you are subject to their privacy policy. If you are uncertain of how a restaurant or business will use your personal information, please seek out a privacy policy on their website or contact them directly before making your purchase. LetsBeBuds.com is not liable for the use or misuse of your personal information by third party businesses for which you have purchased a voucher.
We do not store or share any credit card numbers, expiration dates or pin numbers. We do not store or share your street address or phone number. We will not sell or rent your personal information to any third parties without your explicit consent. We will not share any login or password information to your Twitter or Facebook account.
How We Protect your Information
In order to make a purchase on the LetsBeBuds.com system, you must disclose personal information to us. We appreciate your trust in giving us this information and will diligently protect your personal data. LetsBeBuds.com will only store personal data that is deemed by LetsBeBuds.com to be essential for maintenance of your user account in our system. We never store your credit card number, street address, or phone number. We use tools such as encryption and passwords to protect your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure. Personal information is only accessible by several key people within our company. Despite our very best efforts to keep your information secure, third parties may attempt to maliciously access our system or intercept your data. Due to these outside threats, we cannot guarantee that your personal information will remain private 100% of the time.
Cookies
LetsBeBuds.com uses cookies to keep track of your movement throughout our system and user preferences. We do not use Cookies to collect any personally identifiable information. If you do not wish to allow us to use Cookies, please disable them in your web browser. Certain areas of our website will not function without the use of Cookies.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose your personal information to respond to legal requirements, enforce our policies, or protect anyone's rights, property or safety. If we do disclose your information for one of these reasons, we will do it in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
We may also share your personal information with:
Third parties that provide IT services to LetsBeBuds.com necessary to maintain our service (e.g., data hosting providers), in which case we require that they comply with our Privacy Policy and take appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
Third party businesses for which you have utilized the LetsBeBuds.com service to purchase a voucher (see above).
Law enforcement or other government officials, in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity. In such event, we will disclose information that is relevant to the investigation.